Added readme (#3)
PureGymGroup/Puregym.Recruitment: ReadMe.md

# PureGym Software Engineer Recruitment

> Thank you in your looking at PureGym Recruitment repo. This repo contains the exercises used in the recruitment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for looking at PureGym's Recruitment repo. This repo contains the exercises used in the recruitment process.
```

If you are looking for more information on our open vacancies, tech stack or wish to apply please see our [StackOverflow Profile](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/companies/puregym).

## Our Recruitment Process
Our interview process consists of several stages. After the initial CV review we arrange a 30 minute call to talk about the role and for us to learn more about your skills.

> For most roles the next stage is a [coding exercise](BasketTest.md) with a set of scenarios and ask you to send us create your solution to the problem. This is a chance for you to demonstrate design patterns, testing code to solve a real-world problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most roles the next stage is a [coding exercise](BasketTest.md) with a set of scenarios. This is a chance for you to demonstrate design patterns, testing code to solve a real-world problem.
```
